Added `NetBox Cloud Pilot` sub category to `NetBox-Plugins` (#75)
Onemind-Services-LLC/cloudmydc-docs: docs/netbox-hosting/netbox-plugins/netbox-cloud-pilot/Configure.md

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, create a personal access token in VAP with full API access. This token will allow NetBox Cloud Pilot to interact with your NetBox instance. Learn how to create one [here](/account-and-pricing/personal-access-tokens).

## Configuration Process

1. Navigate to the **NetBox Cloud Pilot** section on the sidebar menu and click on "Manage." This action opens the configuration form.

<div style={{
    display:'flex',
    justifyContent: 'center',
    margin: '0 0 1rem 0'
}}>

![Locale Dropdown](./img/Configure/img-01.png)

</div>

2. In the configuration form:
   - Enter your VAP access token in the **Key** field. This token is essential for the NetBox Cloud Pilot plugin to communicate with the VAP API.
   - Provide a **Description** for your configuration to help identify the purpose or scope of the access.
   - For Enterprise customers, input your **License** key in the designated field to unlock access to paid plugins.

3. Optionally, you can add any comments in the **Comments** section to record notes or additional information regarding the configuration.

> 4. **Environment Name** under **Backup** can only be accessed after submitting the initial configuration. You can read more about it in the [Database Backups/Restores](https://github.com/Onemind-Services-LLC/cloudmydc-docs/issues/add-link-here) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Environment Name** under **Backup** can only be accessed after submitting the initial configuration. You can read more about it in the [Database Backups/Restores](/netbox-hosting/netbox-plugins/netbox-cloud-pilot/database-backups-restores) section.
```
